Ticket 463 -- updated documentation && added SimpleZioExample code into the "example directory" (#470)
ScalaConsultants/mesmer: docs/getting-started.md

   ```sh
   curl -i http://localhost:9464
   ```

## How to collect JVM Metrics from ZIO (for Mesmer):

> In your ZIO Application, you will need to add the following lines of code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your ZIO Application, you will need to add the following layers:
```
